alright hey guys this is Tober Ann's
been a while since I've showed you guys
my bank so how come my friends account
took like well dryers you know just make
them look kind of impressive because
it's kind of shooting a little bit but
you know we do a lot of clues that sort
of thing um stats ah i thinks that if i
should you get that and then i'm going
for that and then that that oh that's
annoying let's just say that yeah all
right let's get to the shoot Oh not
while I'm just show you guys first
started on some random dragon
longsword easter egg thanks to a friend
um clue stuff Gustav Gustav Gustav
Gustav etc etc I thought these weren't
bankable I get that
weird Oh anyway the rune eldrick design
determine help halt dich there we go um
these are all from Cleveland not one of
these have been bought or anything like
that we got 17 set said hopes that some
zani I mean gothic cuz I may be it 16
full senses and 7 full sets of Sarah and
some shrimps and gold trims and gilded
all started trimmed such gold d hi gold
ruined yeah yeah yeahs does have a cloak
flat rousers le le smoke Gustav motors
masks where's my cat mask go let me fall
back to the bottom Oh some range stuff I
had to the second ago gate 10 a friend
anyone give me a price check on this and
be helpful i'm guessing like porno d
boots thanks to a friend mar 30 lost out
here
my what are they skill capes in
the order that I got knighted out of the
skill crafting was my last 1,000 bridge
home lips but once blow three white text
armor and you can silly better
bullied arcade pirates big old cat mask
mama DFS Gold Room green black fruity
Morgan's black between and yes yes
yes
not right please watching guys peace